good that we are in an ear of message
good in this video we are going to teach you
a game called clash of class
Well, this game is going to create you
a village in online then also you
you can create defenses towers of archers
cannons towers of magicians warehouses
also for your money
so they can attack multiplayer and
put you into action warriors break the
defenses break this for example os
I'm going to show a video of my defense
that one that failed but little to look at
and well, also here in the barracks
you can train soldiers with chantelle
or you're improving to make more warriors myself
nothing else that leaves me is a healer that
you put it on and it goes flying and generating
life to your soldiers after the
next improvement will be the dragon too
I have these soldiers are the barbarians
the barbarians and fight a melee
and only ground bamboo also
archers
Well I have put the fight is
How are you
there we have a puncture of rays
Uncles are not wearing bombs and
Many giants also understand
those goblins are only going with the money and
if you are purple
there are soldiers
there the spirals that follow us without
get to very well
and that's why it's over
but tasty and 57%
and now I'm going to show you some attack
what have I done to see
this beni but I won enough money for
that charge
this continued attacking another village
I had the body as I had 24 hours and
he was expelled inside and also
but those guys from the plum is a
Senator who recovers life
and that is giving the fight
one would be
well I hope you liked this
video who only served to know
about your plans and goodbye